 Section zero, forward by myring T. Heric, when Joan of Arc crowned her king at Rha, she became immortal. When LaVayette risked his all to help the struggling Americans, he wrote his memory forever across a mighty continent. The Shepherd Boy David, in five minutes, achieved with his sling, a place in history which has defied all time. These three shining names represent the triumph of the idealism of youth, and we would not speak of them with such reverence today, had their motives been less pure, or had they ever for an instant thought of themselves or their place in history. So it was with Lendburg and all the praise awarded him judge by the rigid standards of history and precedent. He has merit to, he was the instrument of a great ideal, and one need not be fanatically religious to see in his success the guiding hand of Providence. For he was needed, and he came at the moment which seemed exactly pre-ordained, he was needed by France and needed by America, and had his arrival been merely the triumph of a great adventure. The influence of his act would have gone no further than, of other great sporting and commercial achievements. There have been moments here in France when all that my eye could reach or my intelligent fathom, appeared dark and foreboding, and yet in spite of all my soul would be warmed as by invisible sunshine. As such times when all human efforts that apparently failed suddenly the affairs of nations seemed to be taken from out of the hands of men and directed by Anne, unseen power on high. Just before the Battle of the Marne, I was standing on the sane embankment, a great harvest moon resrising over the city near Notre Dame. It seemed to rest on the corner of a building. The French flag was blowing steadily across its face, including moments while this spectacle lasted people melt on the key in prayer. I inquired the meaning of these prayers. The answer was that there is a prophecy, centuries old, that the fate of France will finally be settled upon the fields where a tillers-horde was halted and driven back, and where many battles in defence of France have been won. And pointing up the centre of the French flag outlined across the moon people cried, see, see, the sign in heaven, it means the victory of French arms, the prophecy of old is come true in France as once again to be saved on those chalky fields. Now, when this boy of ours came unherodered out of the air, and circling the Eiffel Tower settled to rest as gently as a bird on the field at Blue Burje, I was seized with the same premonition as those French people on the key that August night. I felt without knowing why that his arrival was far more than a fine deed well accomplished, and there glued within me the precedents of splendor yet to come. Lowed did come and has gone on spreading its beneficence upon two sister nations which are now conquered ocean joins. I feel with every fiber of my being that Lindbergh's landing here marks one of the supreme moments in the history of American France, and the faith we have in the deciding power of spiritual things as strengthened by every circumstance of his journey by all his acts after landing, and by the electrical through which ran like some religious emotion through a whole vast population. The spirit of St. Louis was to the French people another sign come out of the sky, a sign which bore the promise that all would be well between them and us. What a happy inspiration it was to Chris and his ship was such a name, it brought as from on high a new spiritual message of peace and goodwill, and it was more than a coincidence that Lindbergh should drop from his ship his farewell message to Chris on that spot in the plaster of the Concord, where once the spirit of St. Louis was invoked in tragic circumstances. The priest who stood there beside King Louis the 16th as the Giateen fell, cried defiantly to the assembly mob the spirit of St. Louis, a sense to the skies with Lindbergh out of the skies the noble spirit of St. Louis came back to France. France took Charles Lindbergh to her heart because of what he was, and because of what she knew he represented, his little ship came to the meeting place of the greatest conference that has ever gathered between two nations, for under the shadow of its wings, 150 million Frenchmen and Americans have come together in generous accord. No diplomatic bag ever carried soes to Pendesa document as this all amacredited messenger bore and no visiting squadron ever delivered such a letter of thanks as he took up the Potomac in returning, as any such ambassador ever been known. Lindbergh was not commissioned by our government any more than Lafayette was by his, in each case it has been merely left for a statesman to register and approve the vast consequences of their acts, both arrived at the critical moment and both said in motion those in ponderable forces which escape the standards of the politicians mind. Who shall say but that they were God sent messengers of help, smiling defiance of their faith at and all to skeptical world, what one accomplished has already changed history through a century, what the other has just done to people of America and France will take good care, shall not be wasted. The way Lindbergh bore him so after getting here was but the continuation of his flight he started with no purpose but to arrive, he remained with no desire but to serve, he sought nothing, he was offered all, no flaw marked any actor word, any stood fourth amidst clamor and crowds, the very embodiment of fearless kindly cultivated American youth, unspoiled, unspoilable. A nation which breached such boys need never fear for its future, when a contract for $1 million was sent him through his associates, he capable back to them, you must remember this expedition was now organized to make money back to advance aviation. There is the measure of his spirit. The key to his intentions, flying was his trade, his means of livelihood but the love that burned in him with fine passion, and now that his fame will give him a wider scope of usefulness, he is announced that he will devote himself wholeheartedly to the advancement of aeronautics. His first step in that direction is the publishing of this book and no one can doubt that its influence will be of enormous value, implashing on man's conquest of the air. It will be idle for me or anyone else to estimate, now what results will be, but America vibrates with glowing pride at the thought that out from out country has come this fresh spirit of the air and that the whole world hails Linnberg not only as a brave aviator but as an example of American idealism, character and conduct. Maran T. Herrick, United States Embassy Paris June 16, 1927, End of Section Zero.